Role: Senior Full-Stack React Developer Task: Overhaul the existing Graph Dashboard UI to match the new "Dark Mode" design provided in the attached Figma code, while maintaining full connectivity to our existing Neo4j backend.

Context: I have paste/attached the new UI components generated from Figma. I need you to replace our current dashboard layout with this new design. The backend logic (Neo4j driver, API calls) is already working; do not break it. We are simply "re-skinning" the app and adding client-side filtering logic.

Step-by-Step Implementation Plan:

1. Dependency Check

Ensure we have react-force-graph-3d installed for the visualization.

Ensure we have lucide-react for the icons (Chevron, Info, Search).

Ensure we have framer-motion (optional) or standard CSS transitions for the collapsible sidebars.

2. Layout & Global Styling (The "Matrix" Look)

Background: Apply the specific "Engineering Dot Grid" to the main canvas container behind the graph.

CSS Rule: background-image: radial-gradient(rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.1) 1.5px, transparent 1.5px); background-size: 24px 24px; background-color: #0b0e14;

Structure: Implement a strict 3-column layout:

Left: Fixed Sidebar (Filters).

Center: Relative Canvas (The Graph + Floating Legend).

Right: Collapsible Detail Panel (Node Details).

3. Sidebar Logic (The "Brain")

Migrate the new Figma Sidebar component.

State Integration: Create a shared state object (e.g., dashboardState) in the parent page that tracks:

selectedBanks: Array of strings.

connectionThreshold: Number (0-100) — This comes from the new Slider.

sentimentFilter: 'positive' | 'negative' | 'neutral'.

selectedTopics: Array of strings.

Crucial: The "Connection Strength" slider in the sidebar must update the connectionThreshold state in real-time.

4. The Graph Component (The "Engine")

Use ForceGraph3D.

Filtering: Inside the render loop, filter the displayed links based on the connectionThreshold. If a link's weight/volume is below the threshold, do not render it.

Styling:

Nodes: Spheres. Color by Category (Blue=Brand, Purple=Topic).

Links: Curved lines (curved={0.2}). High transparency (0.2).

Interactivity: On node click, populate the Right Panel with the node's data.

5. The Legend (Floating)

Implement the provided Legend component as an absolute positioned element at bottom: 20px; left: 50%; transform: translateX(-50%);.

Ensure it sits on top of the canvas (z-index: 10).

Reference Data:

Figma Code: [PASTE YOUR FIGMA COMPONENT CODE HERE OR REFERENCE THE FILE]

Current Backend: [REFERENCE YOUR CURRENT API/NEO4J FILE]

Action: Please refactor the main dashboard page to use this new layout and connect the filters. Start by setting up the main grid container.

Pre-flight Checklist for You
Before you hit enter in Replit, make sure you do these two things:

Paste the CSS: Replit might struggle to generate the "Dot Matrix" background perfectly from pure description. If it fails, paste this CSS snippet directly into the chat:

CSS
.graph-canvas-bg {
  background-color: #0b0e14;
  background-image: radial-gradient(rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.1) 1px, transparent 1px);
  background-size: 24px 24px;
  mask-image: radial-gradient(ellipse at center, black 60%, transparent 100%);
}
The "Slider" Data: Ensure your Neo4j data actually returns a "weight" or "count" property on the relationships (links). The slider needs a number to filter against (e.g., "Show me links with weight > 5"). If your data doesn't have this, ask Replit to "mock a weight property" temporarily.